* The arrow operator reduces the function defining code size, so less code and more functionality.

Example:


Before:
hello = function(){
	return "Hello World";
}

After:
hello = () => {
	return "Hello World";
}

============== Another Code Example ======================

<script> 
	//The arrow operator (=>) reduces the size of the code.
  
    //ES6 Version  
    //Do not need to put curly braces for one line functions 
    set DoubleSize = (sz)=>size=2*sz; 
      
    //Sets value of size equivalent to double of 
    //passed argument in setDoubleSize function 
    set DoubleSize(35); 
    document.write(size);     
      
</script> 

==============================================================

Key Feature: => 
* Arrow functions are anonymous and change the way "this" binds in functions.
* Similar or relatable with the "this" operator.
* you can often use them in place of expressions like function (foo) {...}


======= Advantages =====================================
* The arrow operator reduces code size.
* Drop the Function braces for one line Functions.
* No need to define return statement in one line Functions.
* Increase the speed of the program.
* Server Load
* Rich Interfaces
* Simplicity

============= Disadvantages ==============================
* Client-Side Security because the code executes on the users’ computer, in some cases it can be exploited for malicious purposes. This is one reason some people choose to disable Javascript.

* Browser Support because JavaScript is sometimes interpreted differently by different browsers. Whereas server-side scripts will always produce the same output, client-side scripts can be a little unpredictable. 
